Introduction:

Hi, my name is Clare, and for the past eight years of my life, friends, family, and neighbors have primarily known me as “the runner.” Cross country and track and field have infused me with self-confidence, lifted me to new emotional heights, and allowed me to travel across the country and forge new friendships. Running has also frustrated me to the point of tears, but with every injury and setback, I have come back not only a stronger athlete, but also a stronger person. I believe the obstacles faced in this sport ultimately make it such an addictive and worthwhile pursuit.

In writing this blog, I intend to provide a lens into the life of a female Division I college runner, discuss issues — both physical and mental ones — that any runner might face, and research answers to health-related questions that pique my curiosity (yes, I’m using this blog as a space to learn more myself!). Along the way, I may review the latest running gadgets, gear, and grub, and reflect on news pertaining to the general and elite running communities. (The key word here is “may,” because I expect that as I publish more entries, I will gain a clearer sense of where I want to take this blog.) I also wanted to challenge myself to learn the HTML language, so I will strive to update and improve the appearance of this website as I develop my currently limited coding skills.

Regarding this blog’s name, All in a Day’s Run, I wanted to evoke the sense of grit necessary for training, fueling, and recovering like a runner (or any athlete!) day in and day out. In fact, my primary motive for creating this blog was to help cultivate these characteristics in myself after a nearly year-long hiatus from competitive running. In order to post regularly on my blog (at least once per week), even during the school year, I will need to harness the grit that making a comeback in running instills in me, and it is my hope that the quality of my content is richer because of this!

Bye for now!

Clare
